Title: Socially responsible investing: sustainability indices, ESG rating and information provider agencies
Abstract: by sustainability indices and environmental, social and governance rating and information  provider agencies (ESG IPAs) to assess sustainability  six sustainability indices and ten ESG
Authors: E Escrig-Olmedo, MJ Muñoz-Torres
Venue: … of sustainable …
Year: 
Content: 

---

Title: Is sustainability reporting (ESG) associated with performance? Evidence from the European banking sector
Abstract: on the level of ESG in European Union banks as leaders in sustainable development.  Thus,  of banks sustainability which eventually affects the European country’s sustainable
Authors: A Buallay
Venue: Management of Environmental Quality: An International …
Year: 
Content: Amina Buallay 

            (Brunel University, Uxbridge, UK)

---

Title: A study on sustainability and ESG in the service sector in India: Benefits, challenges, and future implications
Abstract: ’ long-term strategic sustainability. Therefore, this paper aims to examine ESG performances  in relation to each organization’s strategic sustainability framework. Additionally, in the
Authors: L Efthymiou, A Kulshrestha, S Kulshrestha
Venue: Administrative Sciences
Year: 
Content: Google Scholar

---

Title: Corporate economic, environmental, and social sustainability performance transformation through ESG disclosure
Abstract: (ESG) disclosure–corporate sustainability performance ( of ESG information disclosure on  EES sustainability performance  The positive ESG disclosure–EES sustainability performance
Authors: MF Alsayegh, R Abdul Rahman, S Homayoun
Venue: Sustainability
Year: 
Content: Google Scholar

---

Title: Improving ESG scores with sustainability concepts
Abstract: more sustainability consideration to an ideal ESG score are presented. Since ESG scores   and ideas that would help ESG score agencies include more sustainability principles in their
Authors: A Clément, É Robinot, L Trespeuch
Venue: Sustainability
Year: 
Content: Luigi Aldieri

---

Title: Connecting the Sustainable Development Goals to firm-level sustainability and ESG factors: The need for double materiality
Abstract: performance advances global sustainability. In this section, we highlight a few examples of  ESG indicators that may be useful for measuring the sustainability impact of companies and
Authors: J Delgado-Ceballos
Venue: BRQ Business …
Year: 
Content: 

---

Title: Sustainability and financial accounting: A critical review on the ESG dynamics
Abstract: for a directive regarding sustainability (ie, CSRD “Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive”)   will be provided with a first set of sustainability accounting standards and principles to be
Authors: P Tettamanzi, G Venturini, M Murgolo
Venue: Environmental Science and …
Year: 
Content: Home





Environmental Science and Pollution Research





Article



Sustainability and Financial Accounting: a Critical Review on the ESG Dynamics

Short Research and Discussion Article

                            Published: 13 January 2022




Volume 29, pages 16758–16761, (2022)
                        

Cite this article






Download PDF












Environmental Science and Pollution Research


                                Aims and scope
                                


                                Submit manuscript

---

Title: Economic sustainability, innovation, and the ESG factors: An empirical investigation
Abstract: of sustainability, we focus on economic sustainability as the target to guarantee long-term  growth and survival. The ESG  by each dimension of sustainability regarding corporate social
Authors: L Di Simone, B Petracci, M Piva
Venue: Sustainability
Year: 
Content: Francesca Grippa







Monica Baraldi Borgida







Youngbok Ryu







Richard Swanson



Show more...

---

Title: Literature review ESG and sustainability finance
Abstract: sustainable (SRI) and the focus of the management of the company on CSR, sustainability  and ESG.  academic studies and sources about the sustainability of the company so that you
Authors: D Hastalona, I Sadalia
Venue: Budapest International Research and Critics …
Year: 
Content: 

---

Title: ESG sustainability and financial capital structure: Where they stand nowadays
Abstract: ESG (Environmental, Social, Governance) sustainability and financial capital structure of  companies. More specifically, we refer to both ESG sustainability  between ESG sustainability
Authors: V Cantino, A Devalle, S Fiandrino
Venue: International Journal of Business …
Year: 
Content: ESG Sustainability and Financial Capital Structure: Where they Stand Nowadays














Attenzione: i dati modificati non sono ancora stati salvati. Per confermare inserimenti o cancellazioni di voci è necessario confermare con il tasto INSERISCI in fondo alla pagina
































































































Home



						Sfoglia

Macrotipologie& tipologie

Autore
Titolo
Riviste
Serie












						IT

 Italiano
 English





LOGIN







CINECA IRIS Institutional Research Information System








IRIS
IRIS TORINO
03-CONTRIBUTO IN RIVISTA
03A-Articolo su Rivista


This study provides a systematic literature review on the linkage between ESG (Environmental, Social, Governance) sustainability and financial capital structure of companies. More specifically, we refer to both ESG sustainability performance and disclosure that literature addresses to be jointly connected to both the cost of equity and the cost of debt. We acknowledge the need to systematically categorize the current literature in order to clearly understand the motifs that guide the association between ESG sustainability and the cost of financing. After conducting a deductive search strategy based on a content analysis, we exploit 31 academics papers, in which both theoretical and empirical results were discussed. We recognize “two-speed theoretical findings”; precisely, we notice that the relation between ESG and the cost of equity is well defined by scholarly studies, whereas there are no clear-cut boundaries between ESG and cost of debt yet, that consequently need to further investigations.





ESG Sustainability and Financial Capital Structure: Where they Stand Nowadays

CANTINO, Valter;DEVALLE, Alain;FIANDRINO, SIMONA;Simona





2017-01-01

Abstract
				This study provides a systematic literature review on the linkage between ESG (Environmental, Social, Governance) sustainability and financial capital structure of companies. More specifically, we refer to both ESG sustainability performance and disclosure that literature addresses to be jointly connected to both the cost of equity and the cost of debt. We acknowledge the need to systematically categorize the current literature in order to clearly understand the motifs that guide the association between ESG sustainability and the cost of financing. After conducting a deductive search strategy based on a content analysis, we exploit 31 academics papers, in which both theoretical and empirical results were discussed. We recognize “two-speed theoretical findings”; precisely, we notice that the relation between ESG and the cost of equity is well defined by scholarly studies, whereas there are no clear-cut boundaries between ESG and cost of debt yet, that consequently need to further investigations.
			
		



Scheda breve
Scheda completa
Scheda completa (DC)









Anno


2017




Titolo rivista


INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF BUSINESS AND SOCIAL SCIENCE




N. Volume


8




Fascicolo


5




Pagine (da)


116




Pagine (a)


126




Parole Chiave


ESG sustainability, ESG performance, ESG disclosure, financial capital structure, cost of equity, cost of debt, corporate sustainability




Tutti gli autori


CANTINO, Valter DEVALLE, Alain FIANDRINO, Simona




Appare nelle tipologie:


03A-Articolo su Rivista









File in questo prodotto:


File
Dimensione
Formato
 



									
										
										
										
										
											
												
												
												    
												
											
										
									
									
										
										
											15.pdf
										
																				
									
										
											Accesso aperto

											Descrizione: Articolo su Rivista
										

											Tipo di file:
											PDF EDITORIALE
										

										Dimensione
										341.42 kB
									

										Formato
										Adobe PDF
									

Visualizza/Apri


341.42 kB
Adobe PDF

Visualizza/Apri







I documenti in IRIS sono protetti da copyright e tutti i diritti sono riservati, salvo diversa indicazione.







 Informazioni



			        	










	
		
		
			
			Utilizza questo identificativo per citare o creare un link a questo documento: https://hdl.handle.net/2318/1650869







Citazioni



ND




ND




ND









social impact














					
						Conferma cancellazione
						
					
				



Sei sicuro che questo prodotto debba essere cancellato?



						
							
							Chiudi
						
					

						
							Elimina
							
						
					











simulazione ASN



					Il report seguente simula gli indicatori relativi alla produzione scientifica in relazione alle soglie ASN 2023-2025 del proprio SC/SSD. Si ricorda che il superamento dei valori soglia (almeno 2 su 3) è requisito necessario ma non sufficiente al conseguimento dell'abilitazione.
La simulazione si basa sui dati IRIS e presenta gli indicatori calcolati alla data indicata sul report. Si ricorda che in sede di domanda ASN presso il MIUR gli indicatori saranno invece calcolati a partire dal 1° gennaio rispettivamente del quinto/decimo/quindicesimo anno precedente la scadenza del quadrimestre di presentazione della domanda (art 2 del DM 598/2018).

In questa simulazione pertanto il valore degli indicatori potrà differire da quello conteggiato all’atto della domanda ASN effettuata presso il MIUR a seguito di:

Correzioni imputabili a eventuali periodi di congedo obbligatorio, che in sede di domanda ASN danno diritto a incrementi percentuali dei valori. 
Presenza di eventuali errori di catalogazione e/o dati mancanti in IRIS
Variabilità nel tempo dei valori citazionali (per i settori bibliometrici) 
Variabilità della finestra temporale considerata in funzione della sessione di domanda ASN a cui si partecipa.


La presente simulazione è stata realizzata sulla base delle regole riportate nel DM 598/2018  e dell'allegata Tabella A e delle specifiche definite all'interno del Focus Group Cineca relativo al modulo IRIS ER. Il Cineca non si assume alcuna responsabilità in merito all'uso che il diretto interessato o terzi faranno della simulazione.

Annulla
procedi








Errore




Errore













		Powered by IRIS - about IRIS - Utilizzo dei cookie - Privacy 


 Copyright © 2024

---

